Lesion inpainting (LIT) integration (#803)
Deep-MI/FastSurfer: doc/overview/EXAMPLES.md

There are many intricacies and options, so it is advised to use `--help`, `--debug` and `--dry` to inspect, what will be scheduled as well as run a test on a small subset. More control over subjects is available with `--subject_list`.

The `$HOME/my_mri_data` and the `$HOME/my_fastsurfer_analysis` directories need to be accessible from cluster nodes. Most IO is performed on a work directory (automatically generated from `$HPCWORK` environment variable: `$HPCWORK/fastsurfer-processing/$(date +%Y%m%d-%H%M%S)`). Alternatively, an empty directory can be manually defined via `--work`. On successful cleanup, this directory will be removed to `$HOME/my_fastsurfer_analysis` (defined via `--sd`).

> ## Example 7: Lesion Inpainting with LIT

Reviewer: I think it should be more FastSurfer focussed maybe: "Wrapping Fastsurfer with lesion in painting with LIT"

Other places to update as well.

Author: Changed (currently in local changes, but I'm resolving to keep an overview of unresolved issues)

> For images with large lesions (e.g., tumors, surgical cavities), you can use the Lesion Inpainting Tool (LIT) to improve segmentation and surface reconstruction. To activate LIT, simply provide a binary lesion mask via the `--lesion_mask` flag.

Reviewer: I would write it a bit more FastSurfer-centric here, see my edits in modules/LIT.md 

When T1w images feature large lesions, FastSurfer struggles to with reliable segmentation and surfaces. To address this issue, FastSurfer can be wrapped in the lesion inpainting tool. For this, <that is needed/requirements>

Technically, `--lesion_mask` is not a flag but an argument. Really, this is not too important, but another option would be to add the file name/path `--lesion_mask <path to file>`.

Author: Changed (currently in local changes, but I'm resolving to keep an overview of unresolved issues)

> **Note:** The FastSurfer LIT extension is currently experimental. Review the LIT-modified
> outputs before using them for downstream analyses.

### Docker
```bash
docker run --gpus all -v /home/user/my_mri_data:/data \
                      -v /home/user/my_fastsurfer_analysis:/output \
                      -v /home/user/my_fs_license_dir:/fs_license \
                      --rm --user $(id -u):$(id -g) deepmi/fastsurfer:latest \
                      --fs_license /fs_license/license.txt \
                      --t1 /data/subjectX/t1-weighted.nii.gz \
                      --lesion_mask /data/subjectX/lesion_mask.nii.gz \
                      --sid subjectX --sd /output \
                      --threads 4
```

### Native
```bash
./run_fastsurfer.sh --t1 /home/user/my_mri_data/subjectX/t1-weighted.nii.gz \
                    --lesion_mask /home/user/my_mri_data/subjectX/lesion_mask.nii.gz \
                    --sid subjectX --sd /home/user/my_fastsurfer_analysis \
                    --fs_license /path/to/license.txt \
                    --threads 4
```

When using `--lesion_mask <path to file>`, FastSurfer will:
1. Inpaint the lesion area using LIT.

> 2. Run the full segmentation and surface pipeline on the inpainted image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the selected parts of the segmentation and surface pipeline on the inpainted image (note that it is not compatible with `--surf_only`).
```
